---
subject: 720 Jennings. Update
message_count: 3
first: 2023-09-18
last: 2023-09-18
senders:
- heatheryounker@outlook.com
- jennifer@winslowproperties.com
type: email-thread
tags:
- 720-jennings
contacts:
- '[[Heather Younker]]'
---

# 720 Jennings. Update

**3 messages** from 2023-09-18 to 2023-09-18

## 1. 2023-09-18 10:10 — jennifer@winslowproperties.com

Hello [[Heather Younker|Heather]] & Jason:

Congrats again on the Accepted Offer! Everyone at Winslow Group is so
excited for you!

   - *What has Happened?  *I have sent the Purchase Agreement to the Title
   Company and Lender


   - *What is Happening Now?*  Title Company and Lender will begin working
   on the file


   - *Action Items/Questions:  *
   - *Please let me know when you have initiated transfer of Earnest Money
   or if you intend to send a check, so I know where to look for it*
   - *Please let me know once you have an inspector lined up*
   - *There are a couple signatures on some Buyer Documents we missed.  I
   will be sending those to you via Dotloop/email.*

Let us know if you have any questions or concerns at this time.

Thank you!


Jennifer Likens
(231) 622-5039
Executive Assistant, Winslow Group
Email jennifer@winslowproperties.com <jennifer@winslowroperties.com>

172 E Main St, Harbor Springs, MI 49740
Website www.WinslowProperties.com
<https://mailtrack.io/trace/link/9038f5a0d1507e9a82610015e02c8410b3f4b2b8?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwinslowproperties.com%2F&userId=7156370&signature=704e6c99e077e012>

---

## 2. 2023-09-18 16:23 — jennifer@winslowproperties.com

*Subject: Re: 720 Jennings. Update*

Thank you for the update!

The Earnest Money should be collected as soon as possible.  We are supposed
to have it within 24 hours of an accepted offer.

You can use the link if it is more convenient for you:

You will need to mail, drop off, or use the link below to electronically
wire funds. This is a faster and less costly alternative to wiring funds. (
https://www.cbgreatlakes.com/nomiemd)If you would like to mail a check,
please send it to Coldwell Banker Schmidt Realtors, ATTN: Bill Winslow 172
E Main St, Harbor Springs, MI 49740. Please let me know how you would like
to proceed. I will confirm when we have received the funds. Please write
the check out to Coldwell Banker Schmidt Realtors


Jennifer Likens
(231) 622-5039
Executive Assistant, Winslow Group
Email jennifer@winslowproperties.com <jennifer@winslowroperties.com>

172 E Main St, Harbor Springs, MI 49740
Website www.WinslowProperties.com
<https://mailtrack.io/trace/link/9038f5a0d1507e9a82610015e02c8410b3f4b2b8?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwinslowproperties.com%2F&userId=7156370&signature=704e6c99e077e012>


On Mon, Sep 18, 2023 at 4:15 PM Jason Younker <jason@ynkr.org> wrote:

> Hello Jennifer,
>
> We have L&H set up for a Thursday inspection at 2pm. They will, however,
> be reaching out to see about the placement of radon soon so that it will be
> ready by Thursday.
>
> As for the missed signatures, we will get those taken care of soon.
>
> What is the date the earnest money is needed by?
>
> Jason
>
>
>
> On Sep 18, 2023, at 10:10 AM, Jennifer Likens <
> jennifer@winslowproperties.com> wrote:
>
> Hello Heather & Jason:
>
> Congrats again on the Accepted Offer! Everyone at Winslow Group is so
> excited for you!
>
>    - *What has Happened?  *I have sent the Purchase Agreement to the
>    Title Company and Lender
>
>
>    - *What is Happening Now?*  Title Company and Lender will begin
>    working on the file
>
>
>    - *Action Items/Questions:  *
>    - *Please let me know when you have initiated transfer of Earnest
>    Money or if you intend to send a check, so I know where to look for it*
>    - *Please let me know once you have an inspector lined up*
>    - *There are a couple signatures on some Buyer Documents we missed.  I
>    will be sending those to you via Dotloop/email.*
>
> Let us know if you have any questions or concerns at this time.
>
> Thank you!
>
>
>
>
> Jennifer Likens
> (231) 622-5039
> Executive Assistant, Winslow Group
> Email jennifer@winslowproperties.com <jennifer@winslowroperties.com>
>
> 172 E Main St, Harbor Springs, MI 49740
> Website www.WinslowProperties.com
> <https://mailtrack.io/trace/link/9038f5a0d1507e9a82610015e02c8410b3f4b2b8?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwinslowproperties.com%2F&userId=7156370&signature=704e6c99e077e012>
>
>
>

---

## 3. 2023-09-18 23:46 — heatheryounker@outlook.com

*Subject: Re: 720 Jennings. Update*

We’ll get a check in the mail in the morning. Thank you!

On Sep 18, 2023, at 4:24 PM, Jennifer Likens <jennifer@winslowproperties.com> wrote:

﻿
Thank you for the update!

The Earnest Money should be collected as soon as possible.  We are supposed to have it within 24 hours of an accepted offer.

You can use the link if it is more convenient for you:

You will need to mail, drop off, or use the link below to electronically wire funds. This is a faster and less costly alternative to wiring funds. (https://www.cbgreatlakes.com/nomiemd)If you would like to mail a check, please send it to Coldwell Banker Schmidt Realtors, ATTN: Bill Winslow 172 E Main St, Harbor Springs, MI 49740. Please let me know how you would like to proceed. I will confirm when we have received the funds. Please write the check out to Coldwell Banker Schmidt Realtors

[https://ci3.googleusercontent.com/mail-sig/AIorK4zA63ITwU0wOEz2QAGwKH63o2epra9pYfBUKcKccNh_okuF3N1Z3E3sKlkGagSbt8TX1lGHSVY]

Jennifer Likens
(231) 622-5039
Executive Assistant, Winslow Group
Email jennifer@winslowproperties.com<mailto:jennifer@winslowroperties.com>

172 E Main St, Harbor Springs, MI 49740
Website www.WinslowProperties.com  <https://mailtrack.io/trace/link/9038f5a0d1507e9a82610015e02c8410b3f4b2b8?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwinslowproperties.com%2F&userId=7156370&signature=704e6c99e077e012>


On Mon, Sep 18, 2023 at 4:15 PM Jason Younker <jason@ynkr.org<mailto:jason@ynkr.org>> wrote:
Hello Jennifer,

We have L&H set up for a Thursday inspection at 2pm. They will, however, be reaching out to see about the placement of radon soon so that it will be ready by Thursday.

As for the missed signatures, we will get those taken care of soon.

What is the date the earnest money is needed by?

Jason


On Sep 18, 2023, at 10:10 AM, Jennifer Likens <jennifer@winslowproperties.com<mailto:jennifer@winslowproperties.com>> wrote:

Hello Heather & Jason:

Congrats again on the Accepted Offer! Everyone at Winslow Group is so excited for you!

  *   What has Happened?  I have sent the Purchase Agreement to the Title Company and Lender

  *   What is Happening Now?  Title Company and Lender will begin working on the file

  *   Action Items/Questions:
  *   Please let me know when you have initiated transfer of Earnest Money or if you intend to send a check, so I know where to look for it
  *   Please let me know once you have an inspector lined up
  *   There are a couple signatures on some Buyer Documents we missed.  I will be sending those to you via Dotloop/email.

Let us know if you have any questions or concerns at this time.

Thank you!


[https://ci3.googleusercontent.com/mail-sig/AIorK4zA63ITwU0wOEz2QAGwKH63o2epra9pYfBUKcKccNh_okuF3N1Z3E3sKlkGagSbt8TX1lGHSVY]

Jennifer Likens
(231) 622-5039
Executive Assistant, Winslow Group
Email jennifer@winslowproperties.com<mailto:jennifer@winslowroperties.com>

172 E Main St, Harbor Springs, MI 49740
Website www.WinslowProperties.com  <https://mailtrack.io/trace/link/9038f5a0d1507e9a82610015e02c8410b3f4b2b8?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwinslowproperties.com%2F&userId=7156370&signature=704e6c99e077e012>

---
