---
subject: Hello Ms. Emily!
message_count: 1
first: 2025-07-25
last: 2025-07-25
senders:
- emily.younker@harborlight.org
type: email-thread
tags:
- email
contacts:
- '[[Emily Younker]]'
---

# Hello Ms. Emily!

**1 message** on 2025-07-25

## 1. 2025-07-25 14:05 — emily.younker@harborlight.org

*Subject: Fwd: Hello Ms. Emily!*

---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: *Sara Erwin* <saramaeerwin@gmail.com>
Date: Friday, July 25, 2025
Subject: Hello Ms. Emily!
To: "emily.younker@harborlight.org" <emily.younker@harborlight.org>


Do you spell your name E-m-i-l-y?
This is Mrs. Sara, Samuel's "sign-on" mom. Haha. I don't know how much you
and Samuel have actually gotten to know each other since time moves fast,
and I am most often engaged in keeping up with my responsibilities at the
home base. It takes extreme intentionality to work in times to communicate
well with peeps outside my fam. I'm sure you know he has a biological momma
named Jericha. Jericha said she and Allen maybe spoke with your dad/mom on
the phone? Anyway, that's why I wrote "sign-on" mom because I more or less
made a pact when I married Samuel's dad (almost 4 years ago) that I would
love and cherish him/them. Now, please keep bearing with me and prayerful
because the Father is still reconstructing some things in me and one of the
biggest things He is working to make right is my perception of LOVE.
According to our Good Book, it is the* greatest *thing! So this is Good
News. There IS rescue and redemption. Yay!
Samuel said you like to read? If so, and it is ok with your parents, I
would like to share a little of my testimony with you. Will you talk to
them and let me know if they feel comfortable with that? I would type and
email it and could copy your mom in if she'd prefer.
I hope you are enjoying the last couple weeks of summer break! And hope to
hear back from you soon.
🪻🌷🌻🪻🌷🌻🪻

---
