---
subject: 12.05.25 Petoskey Hockey Association Rooming Contract
message_count: 1
first: 2025-10-07
last: 2025-10-07
senders:
- groups@mqtmi.holidayinn.com
type: email-thread
tags: []
---

# 12.05.25 Petoskey Hockey Association Rooming Contract

**1 message** on 2025-10-07

## 1. 2025-10-07 12:21 — groups@mqtmi.holidayinn.com

Good afternoon,



My name is Sierra Pesold.  I am the Groups Coordinator at the Holiday Inn of
Marquette.   I will be working with you on your room block for Petosky
Hockey Association. I have attached a copy of your rooming contract for you
to review, sign, and return to me no later than Friday, October 31st. Once
the signed contract has been received, your guests can contact the hotel
directly at (906)225-1351 to make their reservations using the group name
Petoskey Hickey Association and they will have until Thursday, November 20th
to do so. Your guests may also reserve their rooms online with the booking
link that follows;




<https://www.ihg.com/redirect?path=rates&brandCode=HI&localeCode=en&regionCo
de=1&hotelCode=MQTMI&checkInDate=05&checkInMonthYear=112025&checkOutDate=07&
checkOutMonthYear=112025&_PMID=99801505&GPC=PHA&cn=no&adjustMonth=false&show
App=true&monthIndex=00>
https://www.ihg.com/redirect?path=rates&brandCode=HI&localeCode=en&regionCod
e=1&hotelCode=MQTMI&checkInDate=05&checkInMonthYear=112025&checkOutDate=07&c
heckOutMonthYear=112025&_PMID=99801505&GPC=PHA&cn=no&adjustMonth=false&showA
pp=true&monthIndex=00



If anyone needs to cancel their reservation, they need to do so at least 24
hours prior to arrival.  When the people within your group make their
reservation, they will be asked for a credit card to guarantee their
reservation(s).



Also, we are a full-service property.  Breakfast is not included in the room
rate.  If you are in need of any group meals or meeting space please contact
our Banquet Sales Manager, Karla Niemi (906-315-4210).  She will be more
than happy to assist you with those needs.



If you have any questions please do not hesitate to ask.  Have a great day!





Sierra Pesold

Groups Coordinator

Holiday Inn

1951 US 41 W

Marquette, MI 49855

P: (906)315-4218

F: (906)228-4329

 <mailto:groups@mqtmi.holidayinn.com> groups@mqtmi.holidayinn.com



This Property Owned and Operated by:

H.J. Larson & Associates Inc.

1951 U.S. 41 Marquette, MI 49855

---
