---
subject: 2012 Lakers/Spring 2025
message_count: 1
first: 2025-10-08
last: 2025-10-08
senders:
- bryan@petoskeysoccer.com
type: email-thread
tags:
- email
- petoskey-soccer
contacts:
- '[[Bryan Goyings]]'
- '[[Traci Wong]]'
---

# 2012 Lakers/Spring 2025

**1 message** on 2025-10-08

## 1. 2025-10-08 12:30 — bryan@petoskeysoccer.com

*Subject: Re: 2012 Lakers/Spring 2025*

Hello,

Final confirmation from referees and MSPSP just came through, game on
Saturday is officially at 11am.

Thank you for patience on all ends.

Bryan Goyings
PYSA Club Director
231-373-4849

On Wed, Oct 8, 2025 at 10:42 AM Bryan Goyings <bryan@petoskeysoccer.com>
wrote:

> Danielle,
>
> Referees are confirmed for an 11am start on Saturday just waiting for
> confirmation from MSPSP.
>
> Bryan
> 231-373-3849
>
> On Sun, Oct 5, 2025 at 7:43 AM Bryan Goyings <bryan@petoskeysoccer.com>
> wrote:
>
>> [[Traci Wong|Traci]] and Danielle,
>>
>> *2012 Lakers Spring*
>>
>>    - I was going to suggest possibly State Cup to Jason, this would be 3
>>    play dates in April and then the knockout weekend is May 16-17th if the
>>    team would advance.  It is a "state" wide competition and fun for the team
>>    if they advance but does cause a number of scheduling challenges with the
>>    spring season being tight, especially if we do not get outside until mid
>>    April
>>    - I am fine with the Midland event. Where else would you rather be on
>>    Mother's Day?
>>    - Question:
>>       - Any sense if we will not have any players play the spring?
>>       - With our current numbers, it would be ideal to have two older
>>       Boys premier teams and then a 2012 and a 2013 as they currently stand.
>>       Again everything will be numbers dependent. I know in June a number of
>>       parents wanted the 2011-12 Lakers to come together again.  I know some of
>>       these kids are not playing high school and some are.
>>
>> *2016 Whitecaps*
>>
>>    - Yes, we need to have two teams for the spring.
>>       - We currently have 16 rostered for the 2017 Whitecaps
>>       - We currently have 19 rostered for the 2016 Whitecaps, (one
>>       player is practice only)
>>       - Right now it makes sense to have three teams with a true 2016,
>>       2017, and then a mixed.
>>          - I will need to check with the PYSA board on how they advise
>>          these teams be divided
>>          - We will need to find another coach as I believe that Coach EJ
>>          and Coach Teal plan to stick together.
>>       - I am planning the winter training schedule right now.  What are
>>    Marin's commitments?  I know we had to shuffle so she could attend last
>>    year.  Just trying to get ahead of these things.
>>
>> Bryan
>> 231-373-4849
>>
>>

---
