---
subject: Lakers 2012 Update
message_count: 2
first: 2025-07-08
last: 2025-07-14
senders:
- bryan@petoskeysoccer.com
type: email-thread
tags:
- email
- petoskey-soccer
contacts:
- '[[Bryan Goyings]]'
- '[[Gavin]]'
---

# Lakers 2012 Update

**2 messages** from 2025-07-08 to 2025-07-14

## 1. 2025-07-08 08:08 — bryan@petoskeysoccer.com

Jason,

Good Morning, my apologies for the delay.  I had a couple of open loops
that I needed to close.  Excited to have you onboard for the Fall.  Brent
Bolin reached out and told me that you guys had worked together previously
and that he was planning to help you out this fall as well.

*Important Dates*

   - 7/22 Grassroots Course
      - I need you to register for the 7v7 course to complete your second
      in-person class so we can move forward with the D Course
      - Class is scheduled to be at Click Rd, 5:15-9:15pm on 7/22
      - PYSA will reimburse upon complete
   - MSPSP will release divisions next week and league scheduling usually
   is the third week in July.
      - Once the division is released we should connect about making sure
      the competition is appropriate.
      - I am building our field schedule at Click Rd., for the fall and
      will pass availability along once it is finalized
      - I will also reach out to families about possible weekend conflicts
      that may exist during the fall.
   - I have added you as the team Coach in sprocket/online team platform
   for the 2012 Lakers.  You should be able to login and see the roster by the
   end of the day today  This is the primary platform that we will use for all
   team communications.
      - Registered roster is at 10, the 4 other
      players committed registered with our NMSA programming, I have been in
      touch with each family and they are amending the registration.
   - Our registration with the league is complete.  Individual player
   registration with the state will be complete once the remaining four
   players complete things on their end.

*Season Plan*

   - MSPSP Competition/Petoskey Autumn Blast
         - I think we try to schedule 2-3 more friendlies with
         Gaylord/ER/TBAYS rather than play a second tournament but I am open to
         suggestions.
      - Per our discussions, I am planning to have the 2011 trapped kids
      train with this group (currently 5 kids).  I just want to confirm
         - Ideally we will roster them for the Petoskey tournament in a
         U114/U15 division
      - I would like to lead a couple days of training to start the season
      8/5, 8/6, 8/7
         - 7-8:30pm at Click Rd
      - The following week practice would officially begin.
         - I would prefer Tue-Wed-Thu if possible, at least until school
         starts (september)
         - Once school starts I am fine going down to two days a week but
         would prefer three if possible
         - If we can coordinate training at the same time as the 2013
         Lakers, that would also be ideal as it is a natural scrimmage
partner.  14
         is a tight number for games but with 4-5 trapped kids you should
         consistently have robust numbers at training.

I think that covers it for right now.  Let me know if you have any
questions.

Bryan
231-373-4849

---

## 2. 2025-07-14 08:11 — bryan@petoskeysoccer.com

*Subject: Re: Lakers 2012 Update*

Jason,

Let me know a good time to connect this week.  I'm pretty booked up Monday
and Tuesday but have much better availability on Wed-Friday this week.


   - [[Gavin|Gavin]]'s family had a question about registration but they should be
   complete this week.
   - TBAYS tournament is the week following our event.  Somewhat local and
   another chance to get in some varied opponents.  I would recommend this
   event.
      - Between Gaylord and Elk Rapids we should be able to get in some
      friendlies with our trapped 8th graders as well
   - When we connect we can discuss my plan for training that first week.
   - Scheduling is more about being prepared than anything else.
   Specifically, knowing if conflicts exist and trying to pair up away games.
   Being on top of things from the start is important.  Often times with other
   clubs we run into coaches that cover multiple teams and working around
   their open dates becomes a challenge.

Bryan
231-373-4849

On Sat, Jul 12, 2025 at 1:33 PM Jason Younker <jason@ynkr.org> wrote:

> Hey Bryan,
>
> I’m registered for the 7v7 course. Thank you for the heads up.
>
> Now that the division is set, what are your thoughts on competition level?
> I was happy to see we have 9 teams in our division; that seemed like the
> number offering the best schedule. I’m checking out the field availability
> schedule and have a couple questions how all of that will work (I have my
> assumptions but want them validated beforehand).
>
> Sprockets is setup for me and it seems I have access to everything I
> currently need. I see Gavin’s offer expired and hope that he is one of the
> 4 you mentioned registering with our NMSA program. I know Gavin and his
> parents so if you need me to reach out I’m happy to do so.
>
> As for additional games beyond league and AB, I am not married to either a
> tournament or friendlies. My first thought was to add another tournament as
> I love the tournament weekends. However, I understand they can be expensive
> so local friendlies are a great option (though I am not aware of the level
> of competition for those other local teams). I’m curious which is the best
> option for our trapped 8th graders?
>
> I think it’s a great idea to have you lead a couple days of training. I am
> not rigid in any one particular style of coaching so learning both from you
> and PYSA’s approach would benefit us all. Having said that, I would like to
> chat a bit beforehand regarding that approach and philosophy.
>
> If you have time, I wouldn’t mind chatting some time over the next week.
> Specifically, I want to be prepared for scheduling as I am guessing that
> can be chaotic and want the best chance to successfully thread the needle
> between accommodating everyone and field availability.
>
> Jason
>
>
>
> On Jul 8, 2025, at 9:08 AM, Bryan Goyings <bryan@petoskeysoccer.com>
> wrote:
>
> Jason,
>
> Good Morning, my apologies for the delay.  I had a couple of open loops
> that I needed to close.  Excited to have you onboard for the Fall.  Brent
> Bolin reached out and told me that you guys had worked together previously
> and that he was planning to help you out this fall as well.
>
> *Important Dates*
>
>    - 7/22 Grassroots Course
>       - I need you to register for the 7v7 course to complete your second
>       in-person class so we can move forward with the D Course
>       - Class is scheduled to be at Click Rd, 5:15-9:15pm on 7/22
>       - PYSA will reimburse upon complete
>    - MSPSP will release divisions next week and league scheduling usually
>    is the third week in July.
>       - Once the division is released we should connect about making sure
>       the competition is appropriate.
>       - I am building our field schedule at Click Rd., for the fall and
>       will pass availability along once it is finalized
>       - I will also reach out to families about possible
>       weekend conflicts that may exist during the fall.
>    - I have added you as the team Coach in sprocket/online team platform
>    for the 2012 Lakers.  You should be able to login and see the roster by the
>    end of the day today  This is the primary platform that we will use for all
>    team communications.
>       - Registered roster is at 10, the 4 other
>       players committed registered with our NMSA programming, I have been in
>       touch with each family and they are amending the registration.
>    - Our registration with the league is complete.  Individual player
>    registration with the state will be complete once the remaining four
>    players complete things on their end.
>
> *Season Plan*
>
>    - MSPSP Competition/Petoskey Autumn Blast
>          - I think we try to schedule 2-3 more friendlies with
>          Gaylord/ER/TBAYS rather than play a second tournament but I am open to
>          suggestions.
>       - Per our discussions, I am planning to have the 2011 trapped kids
>       train with this group (currently 5 kids).  I just want to confirm
>          - Ideally we will roster them for the Petoskey tournament in a
>          U114/U15 division
>       - I would like to lead a couple days of training to start the
>       season 8/5, 8/6, 8/7
>          - 7-8:30pm at Click Rd
>       - The following week practice would officially begin.
>          - I would prefer Tue-Wed-Thu if possible, at least until school
>          starts (september)
>          - Once school starts I am fine going down to two days a week but
>          would prefer three if possible
>          - If we can coordinate training at the same time as the 2013
>          Lakers, that would also be ideal as it is a natural scrimmage partner.  14
>          is a tight number for games but with 4-5 trapped kids you should
>          consistently have robust numbers at training.
>
> I think that covers it for right now.  Let me know if you have any
> questions.
>
> Bryan
> 231-373-4849
>
>
>

---
